README.md, before:

# aspiring-devs-p2
Second project for mentees in the Aspiring Devs group to build.  Don't forget to talk to your mentor if you get stuck!

## Objective
Create a web app that can `CREATE` new stories, `READ` stories from the server, `UPDATE` them with changes, and `DELETE` stories when they're no longer wanted.

The final design is up to you, but the stories should be easy to query and easy to read.

## Getting Started
To get started, 
1. Clone this repository
   - In your home folder (if you're on Windows, you can use your C: drive), create a `dev` folder, and open it.
   - Open a terminal in this folder and type `git clone https://github.com/ojsung/aspiring-devs-p2.git`
2. Open up `src/App.html` which has been provided to you in this project.  Follow the instructions contained there to install NodeJS and a code editor.
3. Once NodeJS has been installed, run `npm run server` in the `aspiring-devs-p2` folder.
   - This will start the server that you will interact with to make and retrieve stories
4. Take a look at `src/services/http.service.js`.  This folder contains information about the server and how to interact with data through it.
5. The rest is up to you.  Good luck. We're excited to see what you create.

Commit message:

Update readme with hosted instructions

README.md, after:

# aspiring-devs-p2
Second project for mentees in the Aspiring Devs group to build.  Don't forget to talk to your mentor if you get stuck!

## Objective
Create a web app that can `CREATE` new stories, `READ` stories from the server, `UPDATE` them with changes, and `DELETE` stories when they're no longer wanted.

The final design is up to you, but the stories should be easy to query and easy to read.

## Getting Started
To get started, 
1. Clone this repository
   - In your home folder (if you're on Windows, you can use your C: drive), create a `dev` folder, and open it.
   - Open a terminal in this folder and type `git clone https://github.com/ojsung/aspiring-devs-p2.git`
2. Open up `src/App.html` which has been provided to you in this project.  Follow the instructions contained there to install NodeJS and a code editor.
3. Once NodeJS has been installed, run `npm run server` in the `aspiring-devs-p2` folder.
   - This will start the server that you will interact with to make and retrieve stories
4. Open a new command prompt or terminal and run `npm run serve`, still in the `aspiring-devs-p2` folder
   - This will open up the same webpage you were looking at before, but it will now be a "hosted" version
5. Take a look at `src/services/http.service.js`.  This folder contains information about the server and how to interact with data through it.
6. The rest is up to you.  Good luck. We're excited to see what you create.
